signatures: Improvements (#2034)
ruma/ruma: crates/ruma-signatures/CHANGELOG.md

- The `compat-signature-id` cargo feature was removed. No validation is done on
  the key name of a key ID, to stop assuming that this crate is only used to
  check server signatures.
- The variants of `VerificationError` were changed to be clearer, have more
  details about the error, and to support any type of entity.
- `JsonError::JsonKeyMissing` was replaced by
  `VerificationError::PublicKeyNotFound`

Improvements:

> - Add `verify_canonical_json_with_public_key_and_signature()` as a low-level

Reviewer: Seems to be the wrong name:
```suggestion
- Add `verify_canonical_json_bytes()` as a low-level
```

Author: Oops indeed, I renamed it at the last minute. Nice catch!
